Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they ever said was, Bach, Bach, Bach!
What did 20 do when it was hungry? Twenty-eight.
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it's full of blades!
Why are mountains so funny? Theyre hill areas.
Why wasnt the cactus invited to hang out with the mushrooms? He wasnt a fungi.
Why shouldnt you fundraise for marathons? They just take the money and run.
Why does it take pirates a long time to learn the alphabet? Because they can spend years at C!
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why cant you put two half-dollars in your pocket? Because two halves make a hole, and your money will fall out!
Why does a moon rock taste better than an Earth rock? Its a little meteor.
How much do rainbows weigh? Not much. Theyre actually pretty light.
A slice of apple pie costs $2.50 in Jamaica, $3.75 in Bermuda, and $3 in the Bahamas. Those are the pie-rates of the Caribbean.
Why did the football coach yell at the vending machine? He wanted his quarter back!
What kind of job can you get at a bicycle factory? A spokesperson
What does a condiment wizard perform? Saucery
What's the difference between spring rolls and summer rolls? Their seasoning.
Whats the difference between a poorly dressed man on a unicycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
Whats the difference between a $20 steak and a $55 steak? February 14th.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? The flag is a big plus.
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
What word can you make shorter by adding two letters? Short.
What falls, but never needs a bandage? The rain.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch cold.
What does a pickle say when he wants to play cards? "Dill me in!"
How much money does a pirate pay for corn? A buccaneer.
Where do young trees go to learn? Elementree school.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
How did the student feel when he learned about electricity? Totally shocked.
What do you call a bee that can't make up its mind? A Maybe.
Why was six afraid of seven? Because 7-8-9.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
Why did the student eat his homework? Because his teacher told him it was a piece of cake.
What did one hat say to the other? You wait here, I'll go on ahead.
What's a cat's favorite instrument? Purr-cussion.
Why did the crab cross the road? It didnt"it used the sidewalk.
Whats the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
What is the most popular fish in the ocean? The starfish.
Whats the difference between ducks and dine-and-dashers? Ducks take care of their bills.
I found a lion in my closet the other day! When I asked what it was doing there, it said Narnia business.
What's the difference in an alligator and a crocodile? Youll see one later and one in a while.
I went to the aquarium this weekend, but I didnt stay long. Theres something fishy about that place.
Why did the snail paint a giant S on his car? So when he drove by, people could say: Look at that S car go!
What subject do cats like best in school? Hiss-tory.
Why can't you make a dinosaur omelet? Because they're egg-stinct.
How many goats does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one, but you have to goat them into it.
Did you hear about the new squirrel diet? It's just nuts.
When does a hippo have a tusk? After some rhino-plasty.
What did the snail who was riding on the turtle's back say? Wheeeee!
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato.
What does a pig put on dry skin? Oinkment.
How do you open a banana? With a mon-key.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little horse.
How did the pig get to the hogspital? In a hambulance.
Why did the cow jump over the moon? The farmer had cold hands.
A termite walks into a bar and says, "So, is the bar tender here?"
How does an octopus go into battle? Well-armed.
What do you get when you mix a cocker spaniel, a poodle, and a ghost? A cocker-poodle boo.
Why don't sharks eat clowns? Because they taste funny.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Why the long face?"
What's black and white and goes round and round? A penguin in the washing machine.
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
Why dont we see elephants hiding in trees? Because theyre really good at it.
Whats the difference between a hippo and a zippo? Ones pretty heavy and the others a little lighter.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me.
What do you call a boomerang that wont come back? A stick.
What did the full glass say to the empty glass? You look drunk.
Justice is a dish best served cold. Otherwise, it's just water.
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? Condescending.
Why should you never throw grandpa's false teeth at a vehicle? You might denture car.
Why are Christmas trees bad at knitting? They always drop their needles.
What did the lunch box say to the refrigerator? Don't hate me because I'm a little cooler.
Did you hear about the fragile myth? It was busted.
I can always tell when someone is lying. I can tell when they're standing too.
Why did the egg hide? It was a little chicken.
What did the dirt say to the rain? If you keep this up, my name will be mud!
Why couldn't the sunflower ride its bike? It lost its petals.
What's the coolest element in the periodic table? Ber-yllium
I used to be afraid of speed bumps. I'm trying to get over it.
If your house is cold, just stand in the corner. Its always 90 degrees there.
I don't recommend entering a wormhole. You might get stuck in the apple.
The owner of the tuxedo store kept hovering over me when i was browsing, so I asked him to leave me alone. He said, Fine, suit yourself.
Why did the egg have a day off? Because it was Fryday.
Why did the coffee taste like dirt? Because it was ground just a few minutes ago.
Why do quarterbacks tell obvious jokes? So they don't go over their receivers' heads.
What is the best present? Broken drums! You can't beat them.
Why do people who live in Greece hate waking up at dawn? Because Dawn is tough on Greece.
What month is the shortest of the year? May, it only has three letters.
Why do we tell actors to "break a leg?" Because every play has a cast.
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
My uncle named his dogs Timex and Rolex. They're his watch dogs.
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between you and me, something smells.
I'm so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
How can you tell its a dogwood tree? By the bark.
What did the buffalo say when his kid went to college? Bison.
What's the stinkiest planet? Poopiter.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80? Aye matey.
Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head.
What's a ninja's favorite type of shoes? Sneakers.
What's the best smelling insect? A deodor-ant.
Why was the coach yelling at the vending machine? He wanted his quarter back.
I had a joke about paper today, but it was tearable.
I made song about tortilla once, now it's more like a wrap.
Some people pick their nose, but I was born with mine.
I tried to catch fog yesterday, but I mist.
I found a book called How to Solve 50% of Your Problems, so I bought 2.
I used to be afraid of speed bumps, but I'm trying to get over it.
Corduroy pillows are in style because they're making headlines.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner because was just gathering dust.
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went, and then it dawned on me.
I was going to tell you a joke about boxing but I forgot the punch line.
I'm not a fan of spring cleaning. Let's be honest, I'm not into summer, fall, or winter cleaning either.
I ate a sock yesterday. It was very time-consuming.
I wanted to buy some camo pants but couldn't find any.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
I was going to tell a time traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.
I used to run a dating service for chickens, but I was struggling to make hens meet.
My wife told me to stop acting like a flamingo, so I had to put my foot down.
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
Whats the difference between Iron Man and Aluminum Man? Iron Man stops the bad guy. Aluminum Man foils their plans.
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. He said his summer was pretty good too.
My boss said dress for the job you want, not for the job you have. So I went in as Batman.
What do Keanu Reeves and baby Yoda have in common? They age at the same rate.
Why did the Rolling Stones stop making music? Because they got to bottom of the hill.
Where does Batman go to the bathroom? The batroom.
Why does Humpty Dumpty love autumn? Because he had a great fall.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
What did one snowman say to the other snowman? It smells like carrots over here!
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeo business.
What did the mama tomato say to the baby tomato? Catch up!
Why didn't the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street? Traffic jam.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Did you hear about the pirate who became a great chef? He mastered the seven sea-sonings.
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner's on me.
Why do oranges wear sunscreen? So they don't peel.
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop.
What's an egg's favorite vacation spot? New Yolk City.
What kind of candy do astronauts like? Mars bars.
Did you hear about the spatula's hot new flame? It met the grill of its dreams.
What did one cupcake say to the other? You ain't see muffin yet.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a-salted.
What did the mayonnaise say when the refrigerator door was opened? Close the door, I'm dressing.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie was everywhere.
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it.
Why did the salamander go to Hollywood? To make newt movies!
Did you hear the one about the New York Jets cocktail? Drink two of them and you forget what Joe Namath.
Why did the veterinarian prescribe birth-control pills for dogs? Its part of an anti-litter campaign.
Why dont pirates take a shower before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore.
How many telemarketers does it take to change a lightbulb? Only one, but he has to do it while you are eating dinner.
What did one fish in a tank say to the other fish in the tank? Do you know how to drive this thing?
What do rich people say when they tickle babies? Gucci, Gucci, goo.
How many therapists does it take to change a lightbulb? Only one, but the lightbulb has to want to change.
Why dont anteaters ever get sick? Their anty-bodies keep them healthy.
How many gorillas does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one but it takes a whole lot of lightbulbs.
Who was the roundest knight in King Arthurs court? Sir Cumference.
Why do cemeteries have fences around them? Because everyones dying to get in.
How many optometrists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Is it one or two? One or two?
What do you give a man who has everything? Penicillin.
What kind of felines can bowl? Alley cats.
Why did the man bring his watch to the bank? He wanted to save time.
Whats the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One weighs a ton, and the other is a little lighter.
What do you call a fake dad? A faux pas.
Why do dogs float in water? Because theyre good buoys.
What should you do if your puppy isnt feeling well? Take him to the dog-tor.
Why couldnt the lifeguard rescue the hippie? Because he was too far out, man.
Where do penguins go to vote? The North Poll.
What do you call a girl with no eyes? A grl.
Where do birds stay when they travel? Someplace cheep.
Why should you knock on your refrigerator door before opening it? There may be salad dressing in there.
Did you hear about the worst zoo in the world? It only has one dog. Its a real shih tzu.
What did one toilet say to the other? You appear a bit flushed.
Why are most people tired on April 1? Theyve just finished a 31-day March.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it.
Why arent lobsters generous? Because theyre shellfish.
Why did Mozart kill all of his chickens? When he asked who the best composer was, they all replied, Bach, Bach, Bach.
Why did the rabbit go to the salon? It was having a bad hare day.
Why cant leopards play hide-and-seek? Because theyre always spotted.
How do you light up a sports stadium? With a soccer match.
Where do sheep love to vacation? The Baa-hamas.
Why do historians call the Early Middle Ages the Dark Ages? There were a lot of knights.
Why did the employee go to work on stilts? He wanted a raise.
What did one plate say to the other? Lunch is on me!
Why do comedians love telling jokes to ducks? They always quack up.
How did the piano get locked out of its car? It lost its keys.
What do you call a nose without a body? No body nose.
How do you make an egg roll? You push it.
Did you hear about the fire at the shoe factory? Unfortunately, many soles were lost.
What kind of fish knows how to do an appendectomy? A sturgeon.
How do you hire a horse? Stand it on a ladder.
What did the fish say when he ran into a wall in the river? Dam!
Why do giraffes have long necks? Because they have stinky feet.
Why did the pony ask for a glass of water? Because it was a little horse.
Is there anything worse than when its raining cats and dogs? Yes, hailing taxis.
What do you call two doctors? Pair-a-medics.
What did 0 say to 8? Nice belt.
I wondered why the baseball kept getting bigger. Then it hit me.
While digging in the garden, I found a chest full of gold coins. I wanted to tell my wife about it, but then I remembered why I was digging in our garden.
I childproofed my house. Somehow they still got in!
A man walks into an enchanted forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. You cant cut me down, the tree exclaims. Im a talking tree! The man responds, You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.
Today, I asked my phone, Siri, why am I still single? It activated the front-facing camera.
My husband and I have reached the difficult decision that we do not want children. If anybody does, please just send me your contact details, and we can drop them off tomorrow.
The most corrupt CEOs are the ones who run pretzel companies. Theyre always so twisted.
Youre not completely useless. You can always be used as a bad example.
After the man who created the hokeypokey died, it took a while to get the body in the casket. They put his right foot in. They took his right foot out
Whos there? Dishes.
Dishes who? Dishes a really bad joke.
Knock, knock.
Whos there? Cargo.
Cargo who? Car go beep!
Whos there? Lettuce.
Lettuce who? Lettuce in. Its cold out here!
Whos there? Cash.
Cash who? No, thanks. I prefer peanuts.
Whos there? Abyss.
Abyss who? I miss you too!
Whos there? Little old lady.
Little old lady who? Hey, I didnt know you could yodel!
Whos there? Beets.
Beets who? Beets me. Im just here for the jokes.
Whos there? Doris.
Doris who? Doris locked. Thats why Im knocking!
Whos there? Harry.
Harry who? Harry up and open the door!
Whos there? Control freak.
Contr"
Now you say, Control freak who?
Whos there? Heywood.
Heywood who?
Heywood you open the door already? Knock, knock.
Whos there? Woo.
Woo who? Dont get too excited"its just a silly knock-knock joke!
Two cows were standing in a field. Have you heard that mad cow disease is going around? asked the first. Yeah, the other cow replied. Makes me glad Im a penguin.
At a party, a woman admonished her husband, saying, Thats the fourth time youve gone back for ice cream and cake. Doesnt it embarrass you? He shrugged and answered, Why should it? I keep telling them its for you.
Your mother has been with us for 20 years, said John. Isnt it time she got a place of her own? Helens brow furrowed, and she replied, I thought she was your mother.
Id like a bottle of wine, a woman told her waiter. What year, maam? the waiter replied. She huffed and said, Well, Id like it right now.
Yesterday, I couldnt figure out whether someone was waving at me or the person behind me. In other news, I lost my lifeguarding job.
A bear walks into a bar and says, Can I have a Coke? The bartender asks, Whats with the big pause? The bear replies, I dont know. I was born with them.
My son had to give up his career because of fallen arches, said a man to his friend. Hes an athlete? the friend asked. The man shook his head and replied, An architect.
A man dining at a seafood restaurant asked for a lobster tail. The waitress smiled sweetly and said, Once upon a time, there was this lobster
Give a man a fish, and he will eat for a day. Teach a man to fish, and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
A man went to see his doctor, and the doctor said, I have some bad news and some worse news. The man asked for the bad news first, and the doctor replied, You have only 24 hours to live. Gutted, the man said, Thats terrible! Wait a minute"whats the worse news? The doctor responded, I should have told you yesterday.
A termite walks into a bar and asks, Is the bar tender here?
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers and says, Five beers, please.
My three favorite things are eating my family and not using commas.
A snake walks into a bar, and the bartender asks, How?
A dyslexic atheist lies awake at night wondering if there really is a dog.
My colorblind diagnosis really came out of the orange.
I wasnt originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
I entered 10 puns in a contest to see which would win. No pun in 10 did.
A man walks into a bar and says, Thats going to leave a mark.
My dog used to chase people on bikes a lot. It got so bad that finally I had to take his bike away.
Once, my father came home and found me in front of a roaring fire. That made my father very mad, as we didnt have a fireplace. "Victor Borge
First, the doctor told me the good news. He said that I was going to have a disease named after me. "Steve Martin
Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level. Its cheaper. "Quentin Crisp
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. "Oscar Wilde
In Denver, the members of a Sunday school class were asked to set down their favorite biblical truths. One youngster laboriously printed, Do one to others as others do one to you.' "Lee Olson, The Denver Post
One of the oddities of Wall Street is that it is the dealer and not the customer who is called broker. "Dallas News
I wish I had enough money to buy an elephant, a woman told her husband. What on earth do you need an elephant for? he asked. I dont, she replied. I just need the money. "Sam Levenson
It seems I have spent a lifetime of mouthing mechanically, Say thank you. Sit up straight. Use your napkin. Close your mouth when you chew. Dont lean back in your chair. Just when I finally got my husband squared away, the kids came along. "Erma Bombeck
